the dog fence stretching for almost
6,000 kilometers it keeps dingoes from
moving south into sheep country and it's
high enough to stop ruse when it rains
up north ruse attracted by the sight of
the clouds and the smell of rain are
stopped dead in their tracks on the dry
side but the fence does help the Roos in
the park to some extent there are far
fewer dingoes this side and for now the
fence is no problem at all
the parks got all the food and water
that Ruby and Elvis need
when it's hot and dry all tracks lead to
water and not only ruse but all sorts of
other animals like emus make the paths
rather busy Roos are powerhouses of
energy their hearts are one-third bigger
than a deer or antelope and they travel
with the minimum of effort a high speeds
they have the best the most energy
efficient form of animal locomotion
hopping
if they keep their daytime movements to
a minimum Ruby and Elvis only need a
drink every five to seven days even in
the hottest weather Roos are very
nervous as they approach water in the
distant past roos had a lot of predators
marsupial lions and wolves giant snakes
and lightning fast monstrous lizards
evolution has honed ruse to perfection
only the fastest and where East survive
the age-old strategy of ambush at water
is now employed by their modern enemies
just being here is very dangerous every
room no matter how thirsty has to be
extra alert it's a false alarm it's only
e-news who finally make it to the
water's edge
you